In this section, we'll briefly go over a tool you might
remember from earlier in the program, OpenZeppelin.
OpenZeppelin is a battle tested framework of
reusable smart contracts for Ethereum and a few other platforms.
Their goal is to reduce the risk of vulnerabilities in
your applications by using standard tested community reviewed code.
This tool will become incredibly useful as you make contracts by helping you
utilize code that has been tested and refined over time by security experts.
If you haven't already,
now's a great time to run through
the installation process to start getting familiar with it.
You can find directions on the homepage by clicking, "Get Started".
If you're interested, you can scroll down
the page to view a link to join their Slack channel.
This is an easy way to stay involved in
the community and stay up-to-date with the latest resources.
The documentation has a ton of great resources
you can use to get more familiar with their contracts.
You can get there by clicking over here on the menu bar.
Scrolling down this page,
you'll see details about security, resources and collaborations.
Let's check out Access Control.
Here, you'll see a contract Ownable.sol with
a very clear description of exactly how this contract was built.
Take some time to read through this for yourself to get
a better idea of how the different features of this contract work.
This example code only provides an idea of how to use this contract within your code.
It's not actually the code provided by the ownable.sol contract.
For example, you'll see here that to use this contract,
you'll first have to import the contract then use is
Ownable to make the function accessible by your contract.
To see the actual code provided by ownable.sol,
we can look at their GitHub page.
To get there, you can use the link named openzeppelin-solidity,
I left below the video.
Here, you can read through all of the functions made
available to you when utilizing this contract for your project.
These functions are all extremely secure and
have been tested by the OpenZeppelin community.
Like we mentioned earlier though,
you should always understand the contracts you're
working with rather than just blindly trusting them.
Take some time to read through this contract to better understand
exactly what features it provides and how they go about doing that.
One way to help understand the contract is by pasting it into the re-mix editor.
This lets you get a little more hands-on with the functionality of the contract.
Let's try that now with ownable.sol.
Once it's in the editor,
deploy it just like any other contract.
After deploying it, you should see the functions renounce ownership,
transfer ownership, is owner and owner available.
Trying out the features it provides is a great way to get
a sense of how they can be used for your future projects.
Check back to the contract to get a better idea for what each of these functions do.
All of the contracts OpenZeppelin offers are available on their GitHub page.
To view all of the other contracts that are available,
go back to their GitHub page,
click on "Contracts" and navigate wherever you'd like.
Each of these are named pretty clearly and contain
a lot of comments to help you understand what they do.
To better understand them,
just take time for yourself to read through them and continue developing more contracts.
For some examples of how to use them,
you can go back to the documentation.
Here they provide a few basic examples on crowd sales, tokens and utilities.
Working through the examples in these sections
will help you get more familiar with working with
OpenZeppelin and help you put together more creative solutions in the future.
So, that wraps up this quick introduction to OpenZeppelin.
This tool will become part of many of your future smart contracts.
The examples they provide will be a great start to
ensure you're confident using OpenZeppelin in the future.